[Music]
hey guys welcome to my channel and
welcome to our new life
Emily / lingo baby is here this is her
first trip to Silicon Valley - mom you
we're walking around going to Christmas
Fair and I'm gonna chat to you about my
new life about things that have changed
so if you're interested continue
watching
[Music]
Emily Emily bingo my mama's here she's
helping me with the baby because the
baby's asleep maybe 18 hours a day
she only wakes to feed and play but just
a little and mum helps me with food and
stuff it's really easy to maintain a
schedule right now I'm not sure what's
gonna happen in like 2 months or 3
months when she starts being more active
but now I'm able to make more videos for
you guys to walk around and you know
keep my lifestyle just a Christmas
market this is a German Christmas market
and I didn't realize everything is gonna
be in German like all the signs of
or in German Emily your first photo with
Santa Fe Emily's first picture with
Santa Claus
Jamaica wish
showing it a German loser
Herman
from day
day three or four
[Music]
it's getting harder to determine the
night which is why it's to get a few
more months and she'll be crawling it
was a lot going on it isn't glasses
I need you've got so much yeah that she
can look at are you that's a colors day
Christmas color and I'm a new person
right yeah you try to choose mesmerize
something familiar that I think you're
the first person outside the family
before
got to burn you last time by by the way
guys if you do not know what a doula is
doulas help you before during and after
childbirth so they try to make the
process natural as possible they prepare
you before Emma's birth they would come
in every two weeks and show me videos of
how to take care of a child how
everything works out with like
childbirth itself then they were with me
when everything happened and now they're
just following up every couple weeks
they come in teach me again how to deal
with the baby I keep asking them
questions and they're just this
psychological support because I feel
that I don't like hospitals doctors are
amazed as nurses are amazing but I just
sometimes feel that there is too much
going on like all the syringes
everything that you have and I wanted to
stay calm during adhering my child
breath so I really want to do us to be
there with me and they were and they
were really supportive everything felt
like you know everything felt really
natural so and I'm always scared of
hospitals even like if it's a normal
checkup I just don't feel comfortable
there
but I guess a lot of you have the same
feeling because we'll have those maybe
memories that I connected with you know
some bad memories if something happened
and your ended up in the hospital uh but
yes so they came in to check up on Emily
they said she's a happy child they were
really happy to see her and in a couple
weeks we're gonna have that final visit
and you're gonna perform some Mexican
traditional stuff on me when they're
gonna grab me in a blanket and like I
would say goodbye to this experience
like giving birth and kind of go back to
my own self if you're from Mexico if you
know what I mean
let me know dumb helmets Philip yeah
they're American they just like to
follow different traditions from all
over the world just like I do I love
different you did
and I'm glad I can incorporate
everything right here in San Francisco
[Music]
this is by the way guys
instagrams office right there where you
see the faint stuff this is where their
San Francisco off
and I think Facebook is from from the
fifth floor
thirty-third or something like that it's
so exciting that emily is growing up in
a district where all the big companies
are
flat
financial
yeah like her like she's growing up
where the companies create stuff that we
use every day
[Music]
so what's happening I still get time to
record videos for you guys because I
think she's still very small and
sleeping a lot and my mom is helping me
a lot I don't know what's gonna happen
in like three or four or six months but
I'm super glad that I can mix motherhood
and vlogging and YouTube and yes so
today I didn't have time for court
because we decided to walk for longer
time and it gets dark so early in San
Francisco it's 4:30 p.m. and it's
already almost dark and we wake up at
around 11 a.m. so basically I have
around one hour per day for in my videos
and I need to put a makeup I need to
read the script I need to make sure I'm
all prepared some hopefully gonna film
tomorrow
I'm gonna film another video for you
guys but meanwhile I get time to watch
because vlogging is easy we go out she's
sleeping and I have time to talk to you
look this is somebody's apartment look
at that
Wow so nice they're sitting there
working
in there somebody's living room so cozy
all delights some of my favorite times
of the year I think it's actually my
favorite if I'm in California if I'm in
Europe I don't like snow in st.
Petersburg where I'm from and gets dark
around 2:00 p.m. which is too early but
in San Francisco it's perfect I think
it's around 14 degrees Celsius we still
get some sunshine during the day and
everything is super decorated and lit up
and people are happy happy about the
baby as well one of my main concerns was
blogging and talking about baby is that
a lot of people subscribe to me well a
hundred percent of my subscribers
subscribed not because of maternity
topics but because of English or a
lifestyle whatever but she's not part of
my life and she's the biggest part of my
life right now so I'm thinking of
integrating her slightly not like doing
maternity haul vlogs or whatever I'm
just a little afraid of losing the male
part of the audience because I'm 50/50
percent on this channel and sometimes
like my husband keeps telling me like
maybe that's too much because he's
obviously not well he's kind of
interested in these topics but only
because he just had a baby but he said
that he keeps unsubscribing from people
who started this parenting topics out of
the blue so they were talking about
business and now they're like
spontaneously only maternity vlogs I'm
not going to do that so my question to
you would you be open to watching some
like this like vlogging style me walking
around maybe talking a little about my
new life my battery died in Salesforce
Park but what I wanted to tell you is
that I will still continue filming
English language tutorials for you guys
it's just blogging it's kind of more
convenient when you have a baby because
you can vlog while walking you can vlog
any time of the day and when I make
those tutorials I actually need to sit
down
sure the lighting is good make sure the
camera is on you know and they use my
professional camera for tutorials this
one and the professional mic it's all
like really high level we just came back
home and I got some packages and you
know one of my most favorite things to
do an Instagram is watch somebody unpack
their amazon packages and other packages
that they got so this is something we're
gonna do right now let's see what I got
in the mail oh and by the way before we
start can I just show off my Christmas
tree this is the first Christmas tree I
got in 29 years
somehow my parents preferred to get just
bunches of pine trees we were back in
Russia because my mom didn't want to
clean up but now we got this Christmas
tree I got my packages and I got some
lights on the window and my friend send
me this for Emma's birthday and Beauty
baby stuff Oh sill little too big but it
looks so good this is one of my Russian
followers they do this beautiful let's
just take a look at them
so stylish yeah it's actually Emma's
blanket nice this is the company I'm
partnering with for Silicon Valley girl
and they send me a pillow visit right
before we get back to that pillow
who's this something you just got it for
Emily for her bassinet little toys here
we go I love how they bag pillows nice
something that I'm gonna try out tonight
the future belongs to those who believe
in the beauty of their own dreams
Eleanor Roosevelt okay nice these were
the packages and I have some gifts that
are gonna unpack and give to my friends
for Christmas by the way my next blog
will be about productivity and I'm gonna
explain what this means I would teach
you how you can do the same for your
English those all right Eric wads and
I'm going to the gym I'll take you with
me
[Music]
realize that if you want a yoga routine
if you want to see it and
it's really basic
hard things my teacher created it for me
it costs $1 and it has my photo
me doing all the
so you're just interested
before
the whole process takes around 15
minutes
highly recommended every day 15
you might see it
that was it for me for today guys thank
you so much for watching this video I
will see you very soon in the next vlog
and if you're not yet subscribed to this
channel hit subscribe button and see you
soon
don't forget to comment down below if
you're open to seeing more of the baby
kind of stuff but mixed in into my daily
life in the United States of America